Name:           John Hackstadt
Date:           09 - 16 - 2021
Class:          Program Translation Techniques (Compilers)
Professor:      Mark Hauschild
School:         University of Missouri St. Louis
Assignment:     P0 (Project 0)
Language:       C++

Goal: Write a program that can take in strings as input and sort them into a bst. From there, the program will print the contents of the bst
to separate output files, one per traversal method (in-order, pre-order, post-order).

Possible sources of input:
    - User input through keyboard
    - Input redirection through stdin
    - Strings read from a file

Technicalities: The professor said that the program does not have to take special charcters into thought. In other words it is assumed that 
the input from any of the methods above is to be strictly alpha-numeric. There is nothing in place to handle special characters.

How to build (Mac OS X or Linux CLI):
    make

How to cleanup files when done with program:
    make clean

How to invoke:
    ./P0 [filename] 
        This method with optional file name will either take keyboard input or read from "filename"
    
    ./P0 < somefile
        This method will redirect stdin to to context of "somefile" and will take the strings there as input

Outside sources:
    No code was used from outside sources. I wrote it all on my own. However, some may look similar to the bst tutorial featured on geeksforgeeks.org because that is where I (and probably many other students) learned
    how to implement C++ BSTs

Known issues:
    Asside from the program not handling special characters there has been nothing I have noticed so far.
    Update: strings starting with special charaters should just be ignored

Other notes:
    Anything "//cout << ..." lines are just debug lines I have commented out but decided to leave in to show the process I went 
    through building this program, and so I can easily uncomment them if I need to use them again for whatever reason.
    Update: I removed the debug lines

Changes from prompt:
    default file name is just "default_filename.inOrder" not "xxx.inOrder", so on so forth for the rest of the outfiles.
    Update: I missed in the prompt where it says the default filename can just be "output.etc" etc being the traversal mode that corresponds with teh file






